So we don't have any height of ability in your situation.
So for that we have to at the Mission Control this option.
You to have a free resource for the perfect situation that you want to use for these.
So how do admission control.
So the first option that we have right here is has filer cluster photographs.
That's me.
How much host you want.
This cluster suport its own failure because of our situation right here.
We have tree root so we automatically chose that this cluster can support only one file.
Also it can support up to two files if we chose right there.
If we chose that I said how much HAUST Fila in this one we can't chose to.
But if we try to chose three it does not work it's only give us one or two.
Haast why and why.
If we chose three has to be firelit in this situation but to me the first one to sit and one to try
to work out of it if it does not have any Holst's yet.
So that's me your company is out of service.
Your company is date your network and your environment is out of service totally.
So it is impossible to uproots that this cluster can't support three hosts file.
So you see right here Macsyma is one less than number of the host in the cluster in our cluster we have
three hosts.
So the maximum number will be two if we have five the maximum number will be four.
If we try to tap three or four it will not going to work it's only support one or two because we have
three is because I Haast.
So that's what's meaning.
So if we chose one that's me.
This cluster we support one house filer in our situation.
I mean the cluster will be able to get you to heights if only one server to get down in this situation
that this one will consume 16 percent this one will consume 60 percent and this one when 16 percent
use it right here and this one out of service this extent will be separated to other costs.
But when we chose to host we chose that this cluster should support up to two costs filer.
That's me.
It will be ready if this one.
I have a fighter and this one have the filer who will be able to run all the virtual machine in this
world.
So in this situation it will make the free space in different TOSed more than 14 percent.
It will change it through 66 percent of three resource he will consume only 33 percent support discussed
and on 33 percent for this host and the same for the stars.
Where do we see that he will consume only thirty three percent.
But that's me it will be able to power the virtual machine up to 2 percent of the resources of this
house.
So for example if this house had one hundred gigabytes of room you can create virtual machine as much
as you want but you can't power a virtual machine more than thirty three gigabytes of time.
When you power the virtual machine one to three and two total of the board on virtual machine the costume
about two or three gigabyte of run you can't power any new virtual machine inside this house.
I've built it will stop you to power any new virtual machine.
So this is the idea about you at mission control.
So in this situation you have 13 percent of the resource use it.
And we have about 66 of free resource right here in the situation with this one and this one out of
service here will take it to 33 percent from this virtual machine that's bolted on in this host and
run it in this house.
So no we have 5:54 the resource use it and we have only thirty three three resource then who will take
the thirty three resource use it in this host and run them inside this home.
So we have 100 percent of the resource use it and all the virtual machine is bolted on and work perfectly
so we have the highest availability for our virtual machine inside this host.
So that's why I tell you if we want is the height of ability we need do free resource.
So when we chose one of course in our situation and a small data center we always chose list number
of phyla because our cancer support lot of Filer.
But in the huge environments we can make 10 20 or maybe 100 Haast can't be supported in defiler.
And of course the cluster automatically calculate and give each host to free a resource that he should
lift reserving for the hosts file.
So when we chose for example one of the signatures one button when we chose to and click OK this condition
would be changed but no it's Livy's was one they defined the hosts file overcapacity by do cluster issuer's
percentage.
That's me.
It will define the host by that capacity if you remember the capacity reserved for the different toasts.
So here we detect that we have three Haast are the three hosts of the same resource.
So I will make the calculation by one of three one 3 1 of 3 of the 3 resource.
When we chose 1.
Then when we chose to host finder it will take 2 of 3 for wrestlers 2 of three suits and two of three
it is true.
But of course when you have a powerful server for example does one have to 100 gigabytes of Vermont
and the other one have 100 100 so the conclusion will be changed with the percentage of the array.
And the puzzle part of the C-p etc..
So when we chose the cluster they automatically make it Uncle collation.
Of course we can override the calculation so automatically we'll reserve 33 percent of the spew for
every host because this is x.
I have the same Sibiu speed.
So automatically the congressional will.
Thirty three percent will be free in the host one to host to and the hot streak and the memory we have
84 percent because the host number three that halved is x.
I host of about 11 gigabyte overclaim.
So the calculation was not equal as Thirty four percent.
So it is 84 percent.
Of course we can override this one.
For example we want to reserve 50 percent of the CPI.
And for example only 64 percent of the memory so you can customize this one.
Of course you need to make your own calculation to these to do a number that will work particularly
in your environments.
So then we have another option of course the first one is does that mean you want to disable any capacity
to service for this one.
When you enable this one cluster resource when any administrators in your environment.
Of course you are the master administrator of the environment and you have some administrator that carries
with your machine he can create as much as he want a virtual machine.
But this option right here we limit departed on we know the history to create a virtual machine inside
that house that consume 66 percent of the research and try to put it on he will get an alert message
that you dont have the ability to power on this virtual machine because you dont have any resource to
power this machine because the 33 percent is reserved for the height of ability.
So how do you control disable thats mean anyone can power any virtual machine until you consume 100
percent of the resource of a host.
But of course if you want to get the benefits of admission control you need to enable it to trolls cluster
resource.